Oh
tell me something
why is it so hard for you to kill this
man he knew every move of mine before I
made it
I have them right there take the shot
and he'd be gone like a ghost
[Music]
who is he
I think I know why as good as you
he is you Katie five years ago they made
you from me they chose me because
there's never been anybody like me we
have to end this right now
you have all of his gifts without his
pain
you made a person out of another person
then you sent me to kill him
we made a choice to do this to me
this thing that you are struggling with
it's fear
embrace them and then overcome it
of all the people in the world to come
after me why would he send you
[Music]